c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\bin\Repository.dll.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\bin\Repository.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\bin\Repository.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\obj\Debug\Repository.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\obj\Debug\Repository.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\obj\Debug\Repository.Migrations.first.resources
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\obj\Debug\Repository.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\obj\Debug\Repository.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\obj\Debug\Repository.Migrations._1.resources
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\obj\Debug\Repository.Migrations._2.resources
C:\Users\user\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Czytelnia\Repository\obj\Debug\Repository.Migrations._3.resources
